Let's go from zero to go trader in 30
days. Yesterday we saw that we are
moving in the right direction towards
profitability. Yet our strategy has an
average trade win of only $46. So today
we are on our first optimization. An
optimization means testing our strategy
in sample across multiple inputs value.
The goal is to find the combination of
inputs that can increase profitability,
increase the net profits, reduce the
draw down or increase our average trade
win. And right now average trade win is
our priority in this strategy. The
inputs that we can optimize are max bars
in trade, take profit and stop loss. We
test max bars in trade from 5 to 95 with
steps of five. We are using 15 minutes
data. So 95 bars are equivalent to
approximately 1 day. Take profit and
stop loss will be both tested from 500
to 5,000 with steps of 500 which give us
1,900 combinations. At this point, all
is left is running the optimization and
tomorrow we will have a look at the
results and check which is the
combination that is worth adopting.